c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial2.exe.config
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial2.exe
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial2.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.pdb
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.xml
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\it-IT\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\pt-BR\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-MO\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\de\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\el\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\it-IT\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\ja-JP\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\lt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\nl\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\pt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\pt-BR\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\ro\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\th\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\vi-VN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\en-US\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\it\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\it-IT\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\pt-BR\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.Form1.resources
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.exe
c:\users\josej_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial2.exe.config
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.exe
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial2.exe
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial2.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Analysis.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Compatibility.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Design.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.pdb
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.xml
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\it-IT\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\pt-BR\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-MO\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\de\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\el\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\it-IT\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\ja-JP\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\lt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\nl\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\pt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\pt-BR\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\ro\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\th\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\vi-VN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\en-US\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\it\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\it-IT\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\pt-BR\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.Form1.resources
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\pruebas y ejemplos\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\bin\Debug\DotSpatial2.exe.config
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.exe
C:\Users\josej_000\Desktop\DotSpatial2\DotSpatial2\obj\Debug\DotSpatial2.pdb
